The dataOps are :
1) K2View Data Fabric

K2View provides an operational data fabric dedicated to making every customer experience personalized and profitable.
The K2View platform continually ingests all customer data from all systems, enriches it with real-time insights, and transforms it into a patented Micro-Database™ 
- one for every customer. To maximize performance, scale, and security, every micro-DB is compressed and individually encrypted. It is then delivered in milliseconds to fuel 
quick, effective, and pleasing customer interactions. Global 2000 companies – including AT&T, Vodafone, Sky, and Hertz 
– deploy K2View in weeks to deliver outstanding multi-channel customer service, minimize churn, achieve hyper-segmentation, and assure data compliance.

2)Lentiq:

Lentiq is a collaborative data lake as a service environment that’s built to enable small teams to do big things.
Quickly run data science, machine learning and data analysis at scale in the cloud of your choice. With Lentiq, your teams can ingest data in real time and then process,
clean and share it. From there, Lentiq makes it possible to build, train and share models internally. Simply put, 
data teams can collaborate with Lentiq and innovate with no restrictions. Data lakes are storage and processing environments, which provide ML, ETL, 
schema-on-read querying capabilities and so much more. Are you working on some data science magic? You definitely need a data lake. In the Post-Hadoop era, the big,
centralized data lake is a thing of the past. With Lentiq, 
we use data pools, which are multi-cloud, interconnected mini-data lakes. They work together to give you a stable, secure and fast data science environment.

3)Naveego:
Naveego is a software company and offers a software title called Naveego. Naveego offers a free version. Naveego is business intelligence software,
and includes features such as dashboard, data analysis, and predictive analytics. With regards to system requirements, Naveego is available as SaaS software. 
Costs start at $99.00/month. 
Some alternative products to Naveego include A7 IoB, AFS G2 Analytics, and SAP Analytics Cloud.

Naveego is a cloud data integration platform that allows businesses to reach accurate business decisions by integrating all company data in a regular business-centric format.
This tool cleans stored data and makes it analytics-ready for data scientists. 
With Naveego, you can conveniently monitor and validate all your company’s stored data with security.

4)Piperr:

Saturam is a software business formed in 2014 in the United States that publishes a software suite called Piperr. Piperr includes training via documentation, live online, 
and in person sessions. The Piperr product is SaaS software. Piperr includes online, and business hours support. Piperr is data management software, and includes features
such as customer data, data analysis, data capture, data integration, data migration, data quality control, data security, information governance, master data management, 
and match & merge. Alternative competitor software options to Piperr include Analance, Delphix, and Talend Data Fabric.

Piper is a package of Machine Learning based DataOps tools that enable organizations to read data more smoothly and efficiently. 
This solution exposes data through a set of APIs which integrate easily with digital assets of the organization. Furthermore, it merges batch and real-time to offer the best of 
data technologies along with detailed support. With a focus on AI, Pipper allows companies to minimize turnaround time of data operations and manages a complete software
development lifecycle through its prepackaged data apps.

5)Badook:

badook AI
badook allows data scientists to write automated tests for data used in training and testing AI models (and much more). Validate data automatically and over time.
Reduce time to insights. Free data scientists to do more meaningful work.

6)DataKitchen:

Reclaim control of your data pipelines and deliver value instantly, without errors. The DataKitchen™ DataOps platform automates and coordinates all the people, tools, 
and environments in your entire data analytics organization – everything from orchestration, testing, and monitoring to development and deployment. You’ve already got 
the tools you need. Our platform automatically orchestrates your end-to-end multi-tool, multi-environment pipelines – from data access to value delivery. Catch embarrassing 
and costly errors before they reach the end-user by adding any number of automated tests at every node in your development and production pipelines. Spin-up repeatable work 
environments in minutes to enable teams to make changes and experiment – without breaking production. Fearlessly deploy new features into production with the push of a button. 
Free your teams from tedious, manual work that impedes innovation.
One of the most popular DataOps tools, DataKitchen is best for automating and coordinating people, environments, and tools in data analytics of the entire organization.
DataKitchen handles it all – from testing to orchestration, to development, and deployment. Using this platform, your organization can achieve virtually zero errors and deploy 
new features faster than your business. DataKitchen lets organizations spin up repetitive work environments in a matter of minutes so teams can experiment without breaking
production cycles. The Quality pipeline of DataKitchen is based on three core sections; data, production, and value. It is essential to understand that with this tool,
you can access pipeline with Python Code, transform it via SQL coding, design model in R, visualize in Workbook, and gain reports in form of Tableau.

7)Genie:

Developed by Netflix, the DataOps tool is an open-source engine that offers distributed job orchestration services. This tool provides RESTful APIs for developers who wish to
run a wide range of jobs with Big Data, such as Hive, Hadoop, Presto, and Spark. Genie also provides APIs for metadata management in distributed processing clusters.

8)FirstEigen:

FirstEigen is a platform including Machine Learning tools that provide big data quality validation and data matching on the basis of self-learning.
This platform learns about data quality behaviors and models using advanced ML techniques and then tests big data with just three clicks. With FirstEigen, organizations can
ensure accuracy, completeness, and sanctity of their data as it moves via multiple IT platforms.





